[DOCS-1407] Improve the accessibility of link text (#1438)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/track/log/media.md

We support images, video, audio, and more. Log rich media to explore your results and visually compare your runs, models, and datasets. Read on for examples and how-to guides.

{{% alert %}}
Looking for reference docs for our media types? See [Media types]({{< relref "/ref/python/data-types/" >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert %}}

> You can [see what the results look like on wandb.ai](https://wandb.ai/lavanyashukla/visualize-predictions/reports/Visualize-Model-Predictions--Vmlldzo1NjM4OA), and see the [video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96MxRvx15Ts).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, check out a [demo report about visualize model predictions](https://wandb.ai/lavanyashukla/visualize-predictions/reports/Visualize-Model-Predictions--Vmlldzo1NjM4OA) or watch a [video walkthrough](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96MxRvx15Ts).
```
